RUN-ALL-INGESTION PRODUCTION PIPELINE
=====================================

Purpose
-------

The following command runs the complete production ingestion pipeline for the
stores currently in scope:

  python main.py run-all-ingestion

The production scope is:

  - Every enabled Shopify storefront returned by the BigQuery Stores table.
  - STORE_URLS instead of the Stores table when that environment variable is
    explicitly configured.
  - Infinite Discs.

Sun King Discs and OTB Discs have separate commands and are intentionally not
included in run-all-ingestion.


Recommended detached command
----------------------------

The complete pipeline can take a long time. To let it continue independently
of the current terminal or Codex session, start it as a detached Windows job:

  python main.py start-run-all-ingestion-job

Check it later with:

  python main.py normalization-job-status

The computer must remain awake and connected to BigQuery, Gemini, the source
stores, and Typesense. Job status and logs are stored beneath:

  output/normalization-jobs/


Complete execution order
------------------------

1. Shopify scrape

   The pipeline reads the configured Shopify stores and downloads their raw
   product JSON. Store-specific failures stop the production pipeline rather
   than silently publishing an incomplete inventory.

2. Infinite Discs scrape

   Infinite Discs is paged until the upstream recordsTotal count is satisfied.
   Transient server failures are retried, with smaller page sizes when needed.

3. Parse both sources

   Raw Shopify and Infinite Discs files are converted to the pipeline's Parquet
   format. Successfully parsed raw files are removed or archived according to
   the existing source workflow.

4. Load both sources into BigQuery

   Shopify Products/ProductInfo and InfiniteDiscs source tables are refreshed.
   The loaded source data is the input to all later normalization stages.

5. First deterministic normalization pass

   Code-managed source views are refreshed and products are classified by item
   type, retailer, manufacturer, and disc model. PDGA-derived model entities,
   aliases, candidates, and deterministic decisions are rebuilt.

   Unambiguous deterministic ACCEPT decisions are applied immediately. They
   always have priority over LLM decisions.

6. Build the constrained LLM queue

   Only deterministic POSSIBLE model decisions are eligible. Each queue row
   contains at most three existing canonical disc entity IDs plus the listing
   evidence. The evidence hash includes the listing, candidates, rules version,
   prompt contract, and model version.

   Reviews with an unchanged terminal ACCEPT or NONE result are cached and do
   not incur another paid Gemini call.

7. Review every uncached eligible row

   Gemini may return exactly one supplied entity ID or NONE. It cannot provide
   a free-form manufacturer/model value, and an invented ID is rejected.

   run-all-ingestion processes the complete pending queue only when it is within
   LLM_FULL_INGESTION_MAX_CALLS, which defaults to 10,000. If the queue exceeds
   the cap, the pipeline stops before downstream publication.

   Remote LLM failures also stop publication. NONE and structurally invalid
   responses remain unresolved; raw title text remains searchable.

8. Validate and promote accepted reviews

   Accepted reviews are written to the versioned, append-only
   DiscModelLlmResolutions table only if all of the following still match:

   - evidence hash
   - prompt contract and prompt version
   - model name
   - deterministic rules version
   - current candidate list
   - selected canonical entity ID

   Product reviews apply at product level. Variant reviews apply only to the
   reviewed variant. Existing deterministic ACCEPT decisions are never
   overwritten.

9. Second normalization and state rebuild

   NormalizedProducts and NormalizedVariantSnapshot are rebuilt with validated
   LLM promotions. Structural and coverage quality checks must pass before the
   pipeline continues. Suspected retailer labels used as manufacturers do not
   stop publication; their full product context is upserted into the BigQuery
   NormalizationQualityAudit table as an OPEN finding. Findings automatically
   become RESOLVED when a later run no longer detects them.

   VariantState is refreshed and VariantChanges records material changes. The
   stable source_variant_key identity and VariantIdentityMap are maintained so
   prices can be tracked over time without losing variant history.

10. Build an immutable Typesense release

    A new timestamped physical collection is populated completely from
    VariantState. The pipeline validates:

    - BigQuery row count
    - unique legacy IDs
    - unique stable source_variant_key values
    - Typesense document count
    - wildcard search count
    - required schema
    - normalized facet fields

11. Activate discs_prod

    Only a fully validated release is activated. The stable discs_prod alias is
    atomically moved to the new physical collection. The application therefore
    does not need to know timestamped collection names.

    Any failure before this point leaves discs_prod unchanged.

12. Preserve rollback

    The previous physical Typesense collection is recorded in BigQuery and is
    not deleted automatically. After application smoke testing, inspect it with:

      python main.py typesense-cleanup-status

    Delete it only with the exact audited collection name:

      python main.py delete-previous-typesense-collection --confirm-collection COLLECTION_NAME


LLM configuration
-----------------

LLM_MODEL_NAME
  Defaults to gemini-2.5-flash-lite.

LLM_BIGQUERY_MODEL
  BigQuery remote model object. Defaults to DiscStandardizationLlm.

LLM_PROMPT_VERSION
  Version included in evidence hashes. Defaults to disc-model-resolver-v2-2.

LLM_CANDIDATE_LIMIT
  Maximum candidates supplied per review. Defaults to 3 and is limited to 1-5.

LLM_FULL_INGESTION_MAX_CALLS
  Maximum uncached reviews allowed in one complete ingestion. Defaults to
  10,000. Exceeding it stops the pipeline before publication.

LLM_RESOLUTION_MODE
  Used by standalone normalization/audit commands. run-all-ingestion controls
  its own off, audit, and promote phases so no manual mode change is required.


Expected repeat-run behavior
----------------------------

Most LLM work is cached. A later run calls Gemini only for new or materially
changed evidence. A review is repeated when its listing evidence, candidate
set, rules, prompt contract, or model changes.

The run summary reports eligible, cached, attempted, accepted, NONE, invalid,
failed, and promoted counts along with timings and the activated Typesense
collection.


Related operational commands
----------------------------

  python main.py prepare-llm-review-queue
  python main.py llm-review-audit-report
  python main.py generate-llm-review-report
  python main.py typesense-release-status
  python main.py rollback-typesense-release

The generated HTML audit report is local output and is intentionally not stored
in Git. Rebuild it at any time with generate-llm-review-report.
